README.md, before:

# Hi there 👋 I'm Dante Cancellieri

![Hire Me](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hire%20Me-Let's%20Talk!-blue)

**Detail-oriented Software Engineer** building full-stack apps with **JavaScript, Python, React, Flask, and PostgreSQL**. 
<p>Passionate about creating clean, maintainable code and delivering user-focused solutions.</p>


## 📊 GitHub Stats
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=dantec97&layout=compact&theme=radical)

---

## 🛠 When I Code, I Rely On

<p>
  <img alt="HTML5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="JavaScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img alt="React" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black" />
  <img alt="Redux" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redux-764ABC?style=flat-square&logo=redux&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Node.js" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-43853D?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Flask" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flask-000000?style=flat-square&logo=flask&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="PostgreSQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-316192?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Vitest" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vitest-646cff?style=flat-square&logo=vitest&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="pytest" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-pytest-009dcb?style=flat-square&logo=pytest&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Render" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Render-FF3D00?style=flat-square&logo=render&logoColor=white" />
</p>

---

## 💼 Featured Projects

### [Steam and Friends](#)
*React, Flask, PostgreSQL*  
![Steam and Friends Demo](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/171862422/504325661-14ddd0b7-b704-4c2e-8eb3-11acab019622.gif?jwt=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJnaXRodWIuY29tIiwiYXVkIjoicmF3LmdpdGh1YnVzZXJjb250ZW50LmNvbSIsImtleSI6ImtleTUiLCJleHAiOjE3NjExNTQ2MDMsIm5iZiI6MTc2MTE1NDMwMywicGF0aCI6Ii8xNzE4NjI0MjIvNTA0MzI1NjYxLTE0ZGRkMGI3LWI3MDQtNGMyZS04ZWIzLTExYWNhYjAxOTYyMi5naWY_WC1BbXotQWxnb3JpdGhtPUFXUzQtSE1BQy1TSEEyNTYmWC1BbXotQ3JlZGVudGlhbD1BS0lBVkNPRFlMU0E1M1BRSzRaQSUyRjIwMjUxMDIyJTJGdXMtZWFzdC0xJTJGczMlMkZhd3M0X3JlcXVlc3QmWC1BbXotRGF0ZT0yMDI1MTAyMlQxNzMxNDNaJlgtQW16LUV4cGlyZXM9MzAwJlgtQW16LVNpZ25hdHVyZT1iNTFkMWI2YmM5OWU5ZGVhM2RlY2YyZWVjNmMxY2ExYzU0MGRkZGM2ZmQ5YTI3NDBlOGQyZjQwMmVlYWU3MjcxJlgtQW16LVNpZ25lZEhlYWRlcnM9aG9zdCJ9.z2l8pe3g7V87_7M0d9Xn3aPyz-b0cw3nVgEizvKwnBk)




- Full-stack gaming dashboard integrating Steam OpenID for authentication and real-time stats  
- Interactive Recharts visualizations for actionable insights  
- Deployed on Render with automated testing

### [Jobly](#)
*React, Node.js, PostgreSQL*
![Jobly Demo](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/171862422/504332662-785f6cde-713a-4bdb-92a2-8b1676cb7c09.gif?jwt=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJnaXRodWIuY29tIiwiYXVkIjoicmF3LmdpdGh1YnVzZXJjb250ZW50LmNvbSIsImtleSI6ImtleTUiLCJleHAiOjE3NjExNTU1MTcsIm5iZiI6MTc2MTE1NTIxNywicGF0aCI6Ii8xNzE4NjI0MjIvNTA0MzMyNjYyLTc4NWY2Y2RlLTcxM2EtNGJkYi05MmEyLThiMTY3NmNiN2MwOS5naWY_WC1BbXotQWxnb3JpdGhtPUFXUzQtSE1BQy1TSEEyNTYmWC1BbXotQ3JlZGVudGlhbD1BS0lBVkNPRFlMU0E1M1BRSzRaQSUyRjIwMjUxMDIyJTJGdXMtZWFzdC0xJTJGczMlMkZhd3M0X3JlcXVlc3QmWC1BbXotRGF0ZT0yMDI1MTAyMlQxNzQ2NTdaJlgtQW16LUV4cGlyZXM9MzAwJlgtQW16LVNpZ25hdHVyZT0zMzA2NjBkMzc3YjhmNzAxNzg3NzFmNGQ0NWRjY2Q5YzVkMTUxNTVhMTBjNzQ1NzEzZmE4NDI4OWQzZTY5NDYwJlgtQW16LVNpZ25lZEhlYWRlcnM9aG9zdCJ9.WnPDdSm8ya323Yv8xzzvAFLK8rapi3sB5XdaIv9CDck)
- Full-stack job board app with secure RESTful APIs  
- User authentication, authorization, and schema validation  
- Automated tests and Render deployment

### [Pokémon Memory Game](#)
*HTML, CSS, JavaScript*  
- Interactive, browser-based memory card game  
- Dynamic DOM manipulation and event handling  
- Clean, maintainable code for responsive gameplay

---

## 🎓 Education

- **Software Engineering Certification** — Stony Brook University, NY *(June 2025)*  
- **Adobe Premiere Pro Certification** — Adobe *(Nov 2023)*  
- **B.S. Media Studies** — SUNY Oneonta *(2022)*  
- **Studio Recording Tech Certification** — Nassau Community College *(2017)*

---

## 📫 Connect with Me

- **GitHub:** [github.com/dantecancellieri](https://github.com/dantecancellieri)  
- **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/dantecancellieri](https://linkedin.com/in/dantecancellieri)  
- **Email:** dante@example.com  

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=dantecancellieri&color=blue)

<!--
**dantec97/dantec97** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README with new project details-- added alp gif
Updated project descriptions and added ALP Website Redesign section.

README.md, after:

# Hi there 👋 I'm Dante Cancellieri

![Hire Me](https://img.shields.io/badge/Hire%20Me-Let's%20Talk!-blue)

**Detail-oriented Software Engineer** building full-stack apps with **JavaScript, Python, React, Flask, and PostgreSQL**. 
<p>Passionate about creating clean, maintainable code and delivering user-focused solutions.</p>


## 📊 GitHub Stats
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=dantec97&layout=compact&theme=radical)

---

## 🛠 When I Code, I Rely On

<p>
  <img alt="HTML5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-E34F26?style=flat-square&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="JavaScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img alt="React" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black" />
  <img alt="Redux" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Redux-764ABC?style=flat-square&logo=redux&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Node.js" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-43853D?style=flat-square&logo=node.js&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Flask" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Flask-000000?style=flat-square&logo=flask&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="PostgreSQL" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-316192?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Vitest" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Vitest-646cff?style=flat-square&logo=vitest&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="pytest" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-pytest-009dcb?style=flat-square&logo=pytest&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white" />
  <img alt="Render" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Render-FF3D00?style=flat-square&logo=render&logoColor=white" />
</p>

---

## 💼 Featured Projects

### [Steam and Friends](#)
*React, Flask, PostgreSQL*  
![Steam and Friends Demo](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/171862422/504325661-14ddd0b7-b704-4c2e-8eb3-11acab019622.gif?jwt=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJnaXRodWIuY29tIiwiYXVkIjoicmF3LmdpdGh1YnVzZXJjb250ZW50LmNvbSIsImtleSI6ImtleTUiLCJleHAiOjE3NjExNTQ2MDMsIm5iZiI6MTc2MTE1NDMwMywicGF0aCI6Ii8xNzE4NjI0MjIvNTA0MzI1NjYxLTE0ZGRkMGI3LWI3MDQtNGMyZS04ZWIzLTExYWNhYjAxOTYyMi5naWY_WC1BbXotQWxnb3JpdGhtPUFXUzQtSE1BQy1TSEEyNTYmWC1BbXotQ3JlZGVudGlhbD1BS0lBVkNPRFlMU0E1M1BRSzRaQSUyRjIwMjUxMDIyJTJGdXMtZWFzdC0xJTJGczMlMkZhd3M0X3JlcXVlc3QmWC1BbXotRGF0ZT0yMDI1MTAyMlQxNzMxNDNaJlgtQW16LUV4cGlyZXM9MzAwJlgtQW16LVNpZ25hdHVyZT1iNTFkMWI2YmM5OWU5ZGVhM2RlY2YyZWVjNmMxY2ExYzU0MGRkZGM2ZmQ5YTI3NDBlOGQyZjQwMmVlYWU3MjcxJlgtQW16LVNpZ25lZEhlYWRlcnM9aG9zdCJ9.z2l8pe3g7V87_7M0d9Xn3aPyz-b0cw3nVgEizvKwnBk)




- Full-stack gaming dashboard integrating Steam OpenID for authentication and real-time stats  
- Interactive Recharts visualizations for actionable insights  
- Deployed on Render with automated testing
---
### [Jobly](#)
*React, Node.js, PostgreSQL*
![Jobly Demo](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/171862422/504332662-785f6cde-713a-4bdb-92a2-8b1676cb7c09.gif?jwt=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJnaXRodWIuY29tIiwiYXVkIjoicmF3LmdpdGh1YnVzZXJjb250ZW50LmNvbSIsImtleSI6ImtleTUiLCJleHAiOjE3NjExNTU1MTcsIm5iZiI6MTc2MTE1NTIxNywicGF0aCI6Ii8xNzE4NjI0MjIvNTA0MzMyNjYyLTc4NWY2Y2RlLTcxM2EtNGJkYi05MmEyLThiMTY3NmNiN2MwOS5naWY_WC1BbXotQWxnb3JpdGhtPUFXUzQtSE1BQy1TSEEyNTYmWC1BbXotQ3JlZGVudGlhbD1BS0lBVkNPRFlMU0E1M1BRSzRaQSUyRjIwMjUxMDIyJTJGdXMtZWFzdC0xJTJGczMlMkZhd3M0X3JlcXVlc3QmWC1BbXotRGF0ZT0yMDI1MTAyMlQxNzQ2NTdaJlgtQW16LUV4cGlyZXM9MzAwJlgtQW16LVNpZ25hdHVyZT0zMzA2NjBkMzc3YjhmNzAxNzg3NzFmNGQ0NWRjY2Q5YzVkMTUxNTVhMTBjNzQ1NzEzZmE4NDI4OWQzZTY5NDYwJlgtQW16LVNpZ25lZEhlYWRlcnM9aG9zdCJ9.WnPDdSm8ya323Yv8xzzvAFLK8rapi3sB5XdaIv9CDck)
- Full-stack job board app with secure RESTful APIs  
- User authentication, authorization, and schema validation  
- Automated tests and Render deployment
---
### [ALP Website Redesign](#)
*HTML, CSS, JavaScript*  

![ALP Website Demo](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/171862422/504338282-56f77e50-c07a-4b30-8a87-66650c6440f4.gif?jwt=eyJ0eXAiOiJKV1QiLCJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiJ9.eyJpc3MiOiJnaXRodWIuY29tIiwiYXVkIjoicmF3LmdpdGh1YnVzZXJjb250ZW50LmNvbSIsImtleSI6ImtleTUiLCJleHAiOjE3NjExNTYyODAsIm5iZiI6MTc2MTE1NTk4MCwicGF0aCI6Ii8xNzE4NjI0MjIvNTA0MzM4MjgyLTU2Zjc3ZTUwLWMwN2EtNGIzMC04YTg3LTY2NjUwYzY0NDBmNC5naWY_WC1BbXotQWxnb3JpdGhtPUFXUzQtSE1BQy1TSEEyNTYmWC1BbXotQ3JlZGVudGlhbD1BS0lBVkNPRFlMU0E1M1BRSzRaQSUyRjIwMjUxMDIyJTJGdXMtZWFzdC0xJTJGczMlMkZhd3M0X3JlcXVlc3QmWC1BbXotRGF0ZT0yMDI1MTAyMlQxNzU5NDBaJlgtQW16LUV4cGlyZXM9MzAwJlgtQW16LVNpZ25hdHVyZT02NTVhZWIyZDQ1ODQzNGFmOTNiZjI2ODhmMDQwMDIzMTUxZTY4NjE1N2U3YTA4OWVjZTc0N2Q1ZDNmMGU3YTI3JlgtQW16LVNpZ25lZEhlYWRlcnM9aG9zdCJ9.cyc-1RhXmOk11VLwVQBPGMb4S4QWuptVycene3yO8-s)

- Fully redesigned the front-end of the ALP website from raw HTML to polished, modern UI  
- Added responsive CSS styling and layout improvements for events and Comic-Con showcases  
- Optimized for fast loading and cross-browser compatibility

---

## 🎓 Education

- **Software Engineering Certification** — Stony Brook University, NY *(June 2025)*  
- **Adobe Premiere Pro Certification** — Adobe *(Nov 2023)*  
- **B.S. Media Studies** — SUNY Oneonta *(2022)*  
- **Studio Recording Tech Certification** — Nassau Community College *(2017)*

---

## 📫 Connect with Me

- **GitHub:** [github.com/dantec97](https://github.com/dantecancellieri)  
- **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/dantecancellieri](https://linkedin.com/in/dantecancellieri)  
- **Email:** dante@example.com  

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=dantecancellieri&color=blue)

<!--
**dantec97/dantec97** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
